Graceful Shutdown storage-users service (#567)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/storage-users.adoc

* Storage-Users listens on port 9157 by default.

== Deprecated Metadata Backend

> Starting with Infinite Scale version 3.0.0, the default backend for metadata switched to messagepack. If the setting `STORAGE_USERS_OCIS_METADATA_BACKEND` has not been defined manually, the backend will be migrated to `messagepack` automatically. Though still possible to manually configure `xattrs`, this setting should not be used anymore as it will be removed in a later version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Infinite Scale version 3.0.0, the default backend for metadata switched to messagepack. If the setting `STORAGE_USERS_OCIS_METADATA_BACKEND` has not been defined manually, the backend will be migrated to `messagepack` automatically. Although it is still possible to manually configure `xattrs`, this setting should not be used anymore as it will be removed in a later version.
```
